What happens when backups overlap?

It may happen that multiple backups are necessary at the same time. For
example, the the first backup of the day is both a hourly (0 * * * * *) and a
daily (0 0 * * * *) backup.

You can control the behaviour for rbackupd in this case with the "overlapping"
option in the [default] section of the configuration file that is overridable
in the specific [task] sections. Possible values are "hardlink", "single" and
"symlink":

- "single" means that only one backup will be made. The priority is determined
  by the order of the "interval" keys in the specific task sections. The
  higest scheduled interval will take precedence. In the case above, when
  the daily interval is set before the hourly interval in the configuration
  file, only a daily backup will be created. Note however that the hourly
  backup will be made in the next polling.

- "hardlink" means that multiple backups will be created. Technically, only one
  backup will be made, and the remaining necessary backups will be an exact
  copy of that backup, with files being hardlinked together. This will require
  more time and space, but the result will be more consistent.

- "symlink" means that one backup will be made, and all other necessary backups
  will be created as a symlink to that directory. While the creation of
  symlinks is very inexpensive, it raises some issues when deleting backups. If
  a backup should be deleted and is a symlink, we can just delete the symlink.
  If it is not, we have to look through all other backups and determine whether
  any of those are symlinks to the backup that should be deleted. We then have
  move the backup over one of those symlinks, and update all remaining symlinks
  to point at the new location. This makes the whole process more complex, but
  does neither impact time consumption of new backups nor does it make the
  backup history inconsistent.

We should make sure that all backups created at the same time have the same
timestamp.
